We were going to start our transform journey by looking at the translate.
But before we do anything and see assess I would like to head over back to next Schimmel and here like
already usually will then create some days but we're not going to place any content we're just gonna
say that first one is gonna have class of 1 and then you probably guessed it you're all going to have
class and number two.
Then we have the third one with class of number three and that's gonna do with HMO.
And then we have the CSF.
Well in the C as this let's just start and by some general styling and let's say I don't know with there's
gonna be a hundred and fifty pixels hopefully is gonna look good not I'm going to change it then the
height also goes in B hundred fifty let's add height hundred fifty and this is not what I wanted.
So this is gonna be the correct one.
And what else.
Well we can also maybe display not in line but in line BLOCK So a little bit different.
Is not gonna make this play block which obviously would be by default for the divs but this is gonna
be in line block.
OK.
What is next.
Well we can first add maybe some colors so let's say background is gonna be red for number one and that's
going to be my live and you know what.
Let me copy and paste it again 1 two 3 as well as I would like to change these.
So this guy's going to be number two for number three.
I don't know.
Again whatever colors you like.
I think I'm gonna go with my typical ones of let's say a green and then the last one is gonna be blue.
So again let me select this say a whole year.
I'm gonna be working in the pool.
So nice three blocks maybe I'm gonna make this a little bit bigger because I want them side by side
and you'll see in the second one.
Now what is the situation would translate.
Well first of all let's get the property which will gonna be transform so transform property.
But then within the transform you notice that we're getting the rotations the scaling as well as as
we start scrolling down we have the SKU and translate now for and translate.
It's gonna be very interesting because translate is gonna be the function.
Now what does that mean.
Well that means that if we can get translate X which is gonna work with the exact action then we have
the Y which is gonna work in the y direction and then we just have the plain old translate.
So let's start with X. Now like I said the X is gonna work with x axis.
So here I can write whatever values I would like.
I can write pixels if I want more I can write percentage not just to show you how this is gonna work.
I can just say I don't know 20 pixels now what's gonna happen is that the box is gonna move right now
20 pixels to the right because the value is positive.
However if we're gonna change it and if I'm gonna say negative 20 pixels obviously this is going to
move negative 20 pixels.
In this case though the movement is gonna be to the left.
So if we're adding the negative.
This is gonna move the left direction however positive is gonna move the right direction.
So far so good.
Now we also have an option of 50 percent or I'm sorry percent but we're all going to use 50 percent.
Now how is that going to look like.
Well let's say we're gonna move it 50 percent and obviously since the value was positive again we moved
the right direction.
Here's the kicker though 50 percent means 50 percent of this hundred and fifty pixels.
Don't believe me.
Well let's look at the third one which was blue and you saw that initially there exactly in the same
position.
Now if you didn't notice that then I can just come in this out and you can see that there city exactly
where the other one was.
Okay.
What if I go here and I do the same thing where I use the transform just only with the pixels.
So what happens is I can just say not 50 percent but let's say 75 pixels and you can see that 75 pixels
would be exactly the half from half and 50.
So that tells me that this 50 percent is going to reflect on the actual width of deal.
So if I'm gonna change it here let's say to 300 pixels then obviously this is gonna move way more.
Well maybe this was a little bit too drastic example it's maybe go with hundred and then we can see
that this is not gonna work exactly the same because they're not gonna be in one line but I hope you
understood the idea where if I am moving this to the right by 50 percent that is gonna mean exactly
half of its width and I can double check that by moving the third guy.
Exactly seventy five pixels and they're all gonna match.
Well if we're looking at it we see that there's gonna be translate X.
Can we do translate one.
No.
I think we can figure it out.
So we have transform the four transformations we can do instead of X we're gonna do Y.
And here again let's just get out first by pixels.
So if we're gonna say 30 pixels man right away let's do the negative.
Now my box moved up because I went into negative direction.
So if I'm gonna get rid of the negative one now I see it went down because we are moving the positive
direction again very straightforward.
You want to move it up.
This is gonna have to be negative.
You want to move it down then this is gonna have to be positive.
We also have an option of actually combining them both.
So let me come on this out.
Let me start a new one again transform translate.
And then if I'm not adding x or y.
Now the first value is gonna be x axis and the second one is gonna be y axis.
Again endless amount of possibilities.
And I don't think that there is a point to covering them just to show you how this is going to work.
So let's say I would like to move this 20 pixels on the exertion and then add another 30 pixels in the
y direction.
So what happens is that the box moves 20 pixels to the right and then 30 pixels.
Now because we move that obviously in the right direction if we want to move with let's say a little
bit more can do two hundred pixels by 300 pixels.
And then now the box is going to move two hundred pixels to the right and then three hundred pixels
down again.
We can use the percentages here we can use the negative values and I'll let you explore in more detail
if you'd like to.
But generally this is how we can work we transform and translate function within the CSF.